Document how to circumvent the canvas reuse optimization (#9966)
openlayers/openlayers: changelog/upgrade-notes.md

#### Backwards incompatible changes

##### Usage of `Map.forEachLayerAtPixel`

Due to performance optimizations, this method might bring up false positives unless the
canvas reuse optimization is disabled by calling `disableCanvasReuse()` from the `ol/render` module.

> Please note that this may have incur a significant performance loss when dealing with many layers and/or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this may incur a significant performance penalty when dealing with many layers and/or
```
